>> Kent C. Dodds: Let's see.
Probably the best place to start is
with our initialization here.
So, when we initialize the state,
we're initializing it to false by default,
but now we want to be able to
have people control that so
we say this.props.initialOn.
Okay, so now people can initialize it.
That actually, that's all that we need
to do to get it initialized the way that
users of this want to have it initialized.
But because we're accepting
this from prompts,
there are some use cases where they're
not gonna wanna to initialize it.
So we should have a default.
So we'll add static default prompts, and
this will be initial on will be false.
In addition, we are now,
we'll do that later.
So, we've got that then.
And we've got this done.
And now Cody the koala bear
wants us to add a reset method,
so that people can reset
within the render prompt.
So we’ll say reset = this function,
and instead of here,
we’ll say this.setstate.
And we can say on is this.props.initialOn.
And then in the callback, we'll call
this.props.onReset(this.state.on).
Okay, cool.
And now we need to add that to our,
right here.
Where Cody the koala bear is
faithfully waiting for us.
Restart, reset.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Great.
That passes everything.
So now folks can initialize it,
and then within the render prompt,
they can actually reset it themselves.
And then,
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah.
And so, this is totally fine if
we just have one item of state.
It's not a whole lot.
But those two objects
are totally identical, and
if it's a bigger object, then it's
kind of annoying to keep them in sync.
So what I like to do
is I create an initial
state
>> Kent C. Dodds: Property on
the instance.
And then I reference this .initial state,
and then stick that in there too.
What I like about that is it not only,
like, shortens the amount of code,
which I don't care about so much.
But it communicates what we're trying
to accomplish, which I do care about.
It communicates that this reset
function is setting state to
whatever the initial state was.
And so, any time we decide, okay,
we're gonna add a new item of state,
we'll update this initial state and
then the reset will work as expected
automatically out of the box.